IBX-11401: Describe Gemini embeddings provider (#3120)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/taxonomy/taxonomy.md

- [Search engine](search_engines.md): Taxonomy suggestions require a search engine that supports vector search.
The feature has been tested to work with Elasticsearch or Solr 9.8.1+.
- [AI Actions](ai_actions.md): To be able to process embeddings, Taxonomy suggestions require that you have the AI Actions configured to support the [OpenAI](configure_ai_actions.md#configure-access-to-openai) or [Google Gemini](configure_ai_actions.md#install-google-gemini-connector) service.

#### Enable taxonomy embedding indexing

Enable embedding indexing for taxonomy branches by changing the default setting from `false` to `true`.
Toggle this setting at any time to enable or disable indexing of taxonomy embeddings.

```yaml hl_lines="6"
ibexa:
    system:
        default:
            taxonomy:
                search:
                    index_embeddings: true

>                     default_embedding_model: `text-embedding-ada-002`

Reviewer: Inside a yaml block, values should use plain YAML syntax, not Markdown backticks. For example, change \`text-embedding-ada-002\` to 'text-embedding-ada-002' (or leave it unquoted if the scalar is YAML-safe, i.e. it won’t be parsed as a special value such as a boolean, number, null, or syntax token like. Please apply the same fix to the other YAML examples in this diff as well.

Author: My fault, I looked at the follwing and slipped when typing the quotes.
https://github.com/ibexa/connector-openai/blob/aeef78ab854135cbf95149b136e9c22ca417e010/src/bundle/Resources/config/prepend.yaml#L19

                text-embedding-3-small:
                    name: 'text-embedding-3-small'
                    dimensions: 1536
                    field_suffix: '3small'
                    embedding_provider: 'ibexa_openai'
                text-embedding-3-large:
                    name: 'text-embedding-3-large'
                    dimensions: 3072
                    field_suffix: '3large'
                    embedding_provider: 'ibexa_openai'
                text-embedding-ada-002:
                    name: 'text-embedding-ada-002'
                    dimensions: 1536
                    field_suffix: 'ada002'
                    embedding_provider: 'ibexa_openai'
            default_embedding_model: 'text-embedding-ada-002'
```

!!! warning "Change both embedding generation models"

    When you change the default suggestions generation model, ensure that you update the `ibexa.system.default.taxonomy.search.default_embedding_model` setting that is used for taxonomy indexing purposes.
    Otherwise the taxonomy suggestions feature fails to find matching entries.

#### Change embeddings provider to Google Gemini [[% include 'snippets/lts-update_badge.md' %]] 

> Once you have installed and configured the [Google Gemini connector](configure_ai_actions.md#install-google-gemini-connector), you can modify the default configuration to use the `ibexa_gemini` embedding provider and one of the supported models:

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have installed and configured the [Google Gemini connector](configure_ai_actions.md#install-google-gemini-connector), you can modify the default configuration to use the `ibexa_gemini` embedding provider and one of the [supported models](https://docs.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/embeddings/get-text-embeddings#supported-models):
```

> Once you have installed and configured the [Google Gemini connector](configure_ai_actions.md#install-google-gemini-connector), you can modify the default configuration to use the `ibexa_gemini` embedding provider and one of the [supported models](https://docs.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/embeddings/get-text-embeddings#supported-models):

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have installed and configured the [Google Gemini connector](configure_ai_actions.md#install-google-gemini-connector), you can modify the default configuration to use the `ibexa_gemini` embedding provider and one of the [supported models](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/embeddings):
```
